SERENA/SAWYER/PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
NARRATOR: Our heroes are
experiencing a breathtaking view
of Snowbelle City,
where Ash intends to win his
eighth Kalos Gym badge!
ASH: Snowbelle City.
We're finally here!
BONNIE: Yay snow! Yay snow!
CLEMONT:
Bonnie? You'll catch a cold!
BONNIE: I'm fine,
Clemont! Don't worry
SERENA: Just think. Your eighth
Gym badge! It won't be long now
ASH: Yeah. I'll get it and
catch up with Sawyer for sure!
SAWYER: I know
you're right, Ash. I can't wait!
BONNIE: I wonder if
we'll see Ash‐Greninja today.
SERENA: What's an Ash‐Greninja?
SAWYER:
I've never heard of that
BONNIE: That's the name I made
up for when Greninja's changed!
SERENA: Great name! It does
look like Ash.
BONNIE: Right!
CLEMONT: And you
always complain about my names
BONNIE: It's fine!
ASH: Then let's get to
the Snowbelle Gym right away.
Eighth Gym badge, here I come!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA:
It looks like that's the Gym
BONNIE: Yippee!
First one there wins a prize!
SERENA: Hey, no fair!
CLEMONT: But it's so icy
ASH: Just watch. I'm gonna do
it. No doubt I'll get my eighth
Gym badge here!
ASH: We'll battle
at the Kalos League!
ASH: I'm gonna
break my losing streak.
ASH: And then you
and I will even the score!
SAWYER: Yeah. You're on, Ash!
SERENA: Ash! Sawyer!
SERENA: Hurry up!
Don't get left behind Hurry!
ASH: C'mon!
SAWYER: 'Kay!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASH: I'd like to
have a Gym battle, please!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/PIKAC
HU: [QUESTIONING]
BERGMITE X5: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: Look at the Pokémon!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
POKEDEX: Bergmite. The Ice Chunk
Pokémon. Bergmite's body
is covered with ice,
which is used to protect against
opponents.
Cracks are fixed with cold air.
ASH: Wow
SERENA: Are they greeting us?
BERGMITE X5: [OBSERVING]
PUPIL: Welcome to the Snowbelle
Gym. It's very cold inside the
Gym, so please make any
necessary preparations.
SERENA: So it's
freezing inside and out
BONNIE: Yay! I'm sure glad I
borrowed this
from the Pokémon Center.
ASH:
We're all ready to come inside!
PUPIL: Excellent! Please enter!
BERGMITE X5: [EXERTION]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/PIKACHU:
[EXCLAIMING]
WULFRIC: Attention!
Hello there! Welcome to my Gym.
ASH: I'd like to
have a Gym battle, please!
WULFRIC: Very well, I'm Wulfric.
You see... I'm the
Snowbelle Gym Leader.
BONNIE: Don't you get a
little bit cold sitting on
the ice like that?
WULFRIC: You know what? When you
get to the point where I'mat,
you can feel a heated heart
even sitting on ice. So being
here is
absolutely comfortable for me.
WULFRIC:
I remember you from before...
SAWYER: Right! I
challenged you to a Gym battle!
WULFRIC: I recall our battle.
Quite heated, indeed.
SAWYER: Thank you so much!
WULFRIC:
Who challeng‐ es me now?
ASH: My name is
Ash Ketchum, from Pallet Town!
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
WULFRIC:
Number of badges so far?
ASH: I have seven!
WULFRIC: I see... So you're
going for your final badge.
Enjoy the experience!
ASH: Right!
ASH: Here. Hold this.
ASH:
I'm getting really heated up!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
PUPIL: All right! This Snowbelle
City Gym battle is
about to begin! Each side will
have the use of three Pokémon,
and the battle will be over when
all three of one Trainer's
Pokémon are unable to continue!
Only the challenger will be
allowed to make
substitutions during the battle!
WULFRIC: Y'know what? Ice is
extremely hard and fragile at
the same time.
WULFRIC: So depending on what
Pokémon you choose
and their moves,
I could be you're most
challenging opponent yet, or a
total pushover
which is as it should be.
WULFRIC:
But enough of all this rambling.
Let's get this show on the road!
ASH: Right!
ASH:
Now, Hawlucha! I choose you!
HAWLUCHA: [FRANTIC]
ASH: Careful! We're
on an ice battlefield today!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
WULFRIC: Go, Abomasnow!
ABOMASNOW: [ROAR]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
‐SERENA: It's hail.
‐This could be bad.
HAWLUCHA: [CONFUSED]
WULFRIC: You know what? You're
seeing Abomasnow's Ability!
CLEMONT: Abomasnow's Ability is
able to make hail fall on the
entire battlefield!
And that hail can cause a
great deal of damage.
ASH: Bring it on, Abomasnow!
Hawlucha, full
throttle right off the bat!
ASH: Use Flying Press!
HAWLUCHA: [FLYING PRESS MOVE]
ABOMASNOW: [IMPACT]
WULFRIC:
Oh! Most impressive power!
HAWLUCHA: [LANDING]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
SERENA: It's
taking damage from the hail...
ASH: Now High Jump Kick!
HAWLUCHA: [JUMPING]
WULFRIC: Ice Shard, let's go!
ABOMASNOW: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [SHOCKED]
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Wood Hammer!
ABOMASNOW: [ROAR]
ASH: Dodge it
and use Flying Press!
ABOMASNOW: [WOOD HAMMER MOVE]
HAWLUCHA:
[DODGING] [FLYING PRESS MOVE]
ABOMASNOW:
[QUESTIONING] [IMPACT]
ABOMASNOW: [IMPACT] [PAINED]
ASH: We're just
getting started. High Jump Kick!
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION]
HAWLUCHA: [RUNNING]
ABOMASNOW: [CONFUSION]
ABOMASNOW: [QUESTIONING]
HAWLUCHA: [HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
ABOMASNOW: [IMPACT]
ABOMASNOW: [YELLING]
ABOMASNOW: [STUNNED]
PUPIL: Abomasnow is unable to
battle! Hawlucha is the winner!
ASH: Yeah! Way to go!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SERENA: They won!
BONNIE:
Hawlucha's so awesome! YAY!
SAWYER:
That speed was classic Ash!
CLEMONT:
He pulled out all the stops!
SERENA:
Sure! It's his final badge!
WULFRIC:
Abomasnow, you battled well.
ASH: You really
showed them how to do it!
HAWLUCHA: [HAPPY]
WULFRIC: Now YOUR turn!
AVALUGG: [APPEARING]
WULFRIC: Here we go, Avalugg!
AVALUGG: [ROARING]
ASH: It's huge!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
POKEDEX: Avalugg. The Iceberg
Pokémon, and the evolved form of
Bergmite. Avalugg's ice‐covered
body is hard as steel.
It uses its body to demolish any
obstacle that gets in its way.
ASH: Let's wrap this up quick!
Karate Chop, let's go!
HAWLUCHA: [JUMPING]
WULFRIC: Now, Stone Edge!
AVALUGG: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
AVALUGG: [IMPACT] [PAINED]
HAWLUCHA: [LANDING]
HAWLUCHA: [QUESTIONING]
WULFRIC: Its Ability is Ice
Body! You see,
when hail is falling, any damage
it takes is slowly healed.
ASH: Slowly healed?!
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
SERENA: I see...So that's why
Wulfric used Abomasnow first.
ASH: Keep it up! High Jump Kick!
HAWLUCHA: [JUMPING]
WULFRIC: Gyro Ball!
AVALUGG: [GYRO BALL MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION] [YELLING]
ASH: It got knocked back!
HAWLUCHA:
[FRUSTRATED] [EXERTION]
ASH: Keep the heat
on with Flying Press!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
HAWLUCHA:
[SHOCKED] [IMPACT] [PAINED]
ASH: Hawlucha, no!
HAWLUCHA: [STUNNED]
PUPIL: Hawlucha is unable to
battle! Avalugg is the winner!
BONNIE: Oh no...
CLEMONT: The hail really worked.
SERENA: So now it's one to one.
SAWYER: Yup. Even!
ASH: Hawlucha,
you were awesome. Thanks.
ASH: All right,
Talonflame I choose you!
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
ASH: Okay,
Talonflame, make sure you watch
out for that hail!
ASH: Use Flame Charge, go!
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
AVALUGG: [SHOCKED]
ASH: All right!
That was a great hit!
SAWYER:
Super effective. What a hit!
AVALUGG: [PAINED]
BONNIE: Avalugg's still healing!
CLEMONT: Then this
could still go either way!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
WULFRIC: Use Avalanche!
AVALUGG: [AVALANCHE MOVE]
ASH: Heads up!
TALONFLAME: [AFFIRMATIVE]
AVALUGG: [AVALANCHE MOVE]
ASH: No, Talonflame!
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ASH: Talonflame, you okay?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: What power...
CLEMONT: You see, Avalanche
becomes more powerful
when it's used against a Pokémon
that has attacked the user.
SERENA: So even if Ash
is faster than his opponent...
CLEMONT: Wulfric will
use that speed against him.
ASH:
You've gotta get up, Talonflame!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
TALONFLAME: [DETERMINED]
WULFRIC: Avalugg, Stone Edge!
AVALUGG: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it!
TALONFLAME: [DODGING]
ASH: Way to go!
CLEMONT: As things are,
Ash will have to be very
careful when he attacks!
SAWYER: Or Wulfric
will counter with Avalanche.
ASH: But...we can't
win unless we attack.
ASH:
Talonflame, use Flame Charge!
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
AVALUGG: [IMPACT] [DEFLECTING]
WULFRIC: Use Avalanche!
AVALUGG: [AVALANCHE MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ASH: Talonflame!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
TALONFLAME: [IMPACT]
PUPIL: Talonflame
is unable to battle!
So Avalugg is the winner!
ASH: Avalugg...is so strong...
SERENA: What can Ash do?
How can he beat Avalanche?
SAWYER: And,
Ash has only one Pokémon left.
ASH: Thanks, Talonflame.
Take a good rest...
ASH: NowGreninja! I choose you!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE: "It's
Bergmite!"
BONNIE:
Greninja's his last chance!
CLEMONT: This tension.
If Ash can use that energy
SAWYER: Then it'll
transform into Ash‐Greninja!
GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Try not to worry
about the hail, Greninja!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: All rightUse Cut!
GRENINJA: [RUNNING]
WULFRIC: Use Stone Edge!
AVALUGG: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
AVALUGG: [IMPACT]
WULFRIC: Well
ASH: We're still in this.
Use Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
WULFRIC: Now Gyro Ball!
AVALUGG: [GYRO BALL MOVE]
GRENINJA:
[AERIAL ACE MOVE] [YELLING]
GRENINJA: [LANDING]
ASH: See what you think of this.
Greninja,
Water Shuriken, over and over!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
WULFRIC: Useless!
WULFRIC:
I already told them once.
AVALUGG:
[QUESTIONING] [EXERTION]
WULFRIC: Whatwhat's this?
ASH: All rightCut, let's go!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
AVALUGG: [IMPACT] [SURPRISED]
BONNIE: Yip‐pee!
SERENA: Hey,
what just happened, Clemont?
CLEMONT: It appears that when
the water from Greninja's Water
Shuriken hit
Avalugg's body, it froze!
SAWYER: Wow
SERENA: So it couldn't move...
WULFRIC: Imust
say I'm quite surprised.
ASH: Way to go. Now, what do you
say we give them a little taste
of our power?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH:
More! Stronger and stronger!
BONNIE:
Here it comes! Ash‐Greninja!
WULFRIC: What's Ash‐Greninja?
SAWYER: Wait, I know I've
seen it look this way before
ASH: Kay, let's do this!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Use Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
AVALUGG: [IMPACTS] [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Speedy!
WULFRIC: Use Avalanche!
AVALUGG: [AVALANCHE MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [SURPRISED]
SAWYER: It looks like when
Greninja takes a hit, Ash can
feel it, too! Is that possible?
CLEMONT: Of course it is.
By now they're both
in total synchronization!
BONNIE: You can
do it, Greninja! Win it!
SERENA: Ash...
ASH: I wanna win! This
is the battle of all battles!
ASH: I've GOTTA win!!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Greninja! Use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [RUNNING]
WULFRIC: Use Stone Edge!
AVALUGG: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DODGING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
AVALUGG: [IMPACT]
WULFRIC: Stone Edge, again!
AVALUGG: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [OFF] [IMPACT]
ASH: Greninja!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [LANDING]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [WORRIED]
ASH: You're all right.
Quick, Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
AVALUGG: [IMPACTS] [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Oh...Incredible power.
Even so...use Avalanche!
AVALUGG: [AVALANCHE MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [IMPACT]
ASH: Greninja!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: Stronger. Stronger!
ASH: All right,
Greninja, Cut, let's go!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [CUT MOVE]
WULFRIC: Use Ice Fang!
AVALUGG: [ICE FANG MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
WULFRIC: Now Gyro Ball!
AVALUGG: [GYRO BALL MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [OFF] [IMPACT]
ASH: Greninja!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
PUPIL: Greninja is unable to
battle! Avalugg is the winner!
And that means the match
goes to the Gym Leader, Wulfric!
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
ASH: Pikachu...
Does that mean I lost?
PIKACHU: [SAD AFFIRMATIVE]
WULFRIC: I hope you learned
something today. Being rigid
can make you tough, but fragile,
too. You're better off being
flexible? Some adapt
like water without changing,
but I'm stubborn.
I love Ice Types.
WULFRIC: So.
What about youyoung man?
WULFRIC: How far you go depends
on how much you believe in your
Pokémon. The fact is you haven't
earned your badge quite yet.
ASH/PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: How's Greninja?
NURSE JOY: I'm afraid your
Greninja has taken
a substantial amount of damage.
But it'll
be fine. I'll make sure of it.
ASH: You're leaving now?
SAWYER: Yeah. I need to get my
Pokémon all ready
to go for the Kalos League.
SAWYER: Bye, Ash.
I'll be waiting for you.
ASH: Yeah.
SAWYER: Okay then,
everybody, see you around.
BONNIE: Bye bye!
DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
SERENA: You take care!
SAWYER: It's all gonna work out.
The person I admire so much
will win in the end. And I'll
be waiting. I'll be waiting.
Bye, Ash.
See you in the Kalos League.
ASH:
Sorry about today, Greninja.
If I had just been stronger...
ASH: I should've been able
to draw out your true power.
ASH: If only I was stronger...
SERENA/CLEMONT/PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING]
SERENA: Ash...
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: I wanna be by myself...
CLEMONT: Out in the
cold at this time of night?
ASH: It's okay. I'll
be back soon. Sorry, Pikachu.
PIKACHU: [SAD]
SERENA: He still
hasn't come back yet.
CLEMONT: Yeah.
But there's really nothing we
can do about it.
BONNIE:
Good morning! Hey, where's Ash?
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: Ash, he needed
to be alone for a little bit.
CLEMONT: Don't worry. He'll get
hungry and come back when it
gets close to lunchtime...
SERENA: Ash...
NARRATOR: After losing his
Snowbelle City Gym battle, Ash
is off by himself, looking for
answers. How will he handle the
situation he now finds
himself in? The answers to come,
as the journey continues.